# No Title

[Original Post](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/171141/485)

<p><a class="mention" href="/u/carlton">@carlton</a> <a class="mention" href="/u/jivraj">@Jivraj</a><br>
Respected Sir,</p>
<p>I hope you are doing well.<br>
This is with reference to your confirmation mail that my project 1 will be re-evaluated after end term<br>
I would like to sincerely apologize for the oversight in my Project 1 submission. Upon reviewing my GitHub repository, I realized that the file was named <code>dockerfile</code> (with a lowercase ‘d’) in the Github root repo instead of the required <code>Dockerfile</code> (with an uppercase ‘D’).</p>
<p>While the contents of the file were correct and my project passed several evaluation tests, I understand that the evaluation script could not detect the Dockerfile due to this naming issue. I genuinely did not intend to deviate from the standard, and I now fully understand the importance of following naming conventions precisely.</p>
<p>I humbly request you to kindly consider this as an honest mistake and allow a one-time exception, Please sir. This issue has unfortunately resulted in my project score being reduced to 0, which puts my overall course performance at risk. I assure you that I have learned from this experience and such an error will not occur again in the future.<br>
So, I hope you will look at this and re-evaluate my project as I put lots of efforts to complete it.<br>
Thank you very much for your time and consideration.</p>
<p>Warm regards,<br>
S. Sharmile<br>
Roll No: 23f3001688</p>